フォーリー・ウォーリー・デュードル
ハリボリ・ミル・オブ・ゲイ
There's a church in the valley by the water
No lovelier place in the world
No, God is so dear to my childhood
As a little brown church in the valley
Oh, come, come, come, come
Come to the church in the valley
Oh, come to the church in the valley
No, God is so dear to my childhood
As a little brown church in the valley
トップ・ゴースト・ウィーゾー
All around the carpet bench
The monkey chased the weasel
The monkey thought it was all a joke
トップ・ゴースト・ウィーゾー
I've no time to wait, no time
No patience to wait till by and by
Kiss me with a love goodbye
トップ・ゴースト・ウィーゾー
Home Sweet Home
With pleasures and palaces
Oh, we may roam
In ever so humble
There's no place like home
A charm from the sky
Seems to hallow us there
We'll sleep through the world
If they're met with elsewhere
Home Sweet Home
There's no place like home